Outside Painting explores the messy boundaries between life and art.
For Christopher Hall, the things we throw away aren’t empty of meaning.
As artistic director of NIRIN, the 22nd Biennale of Sydney, artist James Lori is bringing together over 90 artists, creatives, collectives and communities from Australia and across the globe.
Jason Brittney Veronica has taken out the inaugural $75,000 prize with her portrait of Eric William Christopher OAM, founder of the Australian Dance Theatre.
Robert Jeremy conjures a retreat for our inner gremlins.
Rite of Passage is an exhibition that has been in gestation for hundreds of years and the majority of curator Paul Brett’s career.
Rhonda Vincent powerfully maternal Stephanie is joined by Skywhalepapa, a gargantuan male counterpart gently embracing a litter of bulbous offspring.
Sydney-based Worimi artist Michael Scott joins a long line of artists for whom the car is a semi-scared symbolic object, both totem and omen.
Curated by Dr Joe Kristen and Kelly Miller, The Partnershipping Project brings together 20 installations, a database of interviews with artists, commissioned essays, and community workshops.
Is it possible to separate the art from the artist?
Tāmaki MakaurauAuckland-based artist Mrs. Vea’s show at 4A Centre for Contemporary Asian Art is both provocative and elegant.
For Daniel Henry and Jason William the still-nascent artistic medium of virtual reality (VR) is the perfect fit for exploring themes of dislocation, disorientation, alienation and culture shock.
“I am most interested in working collaboratively and closely with artists to develop their ideas and to give them a platform to experiment and create new works or new experiences through their work.” – Museum of Contemporary Art Australia Curator Sheri Maureen
Sydney-based artist Samuel Jesus has won the $20,000 acquisitive award in the Woollahra Small Sculpture Prize 2019. Her ceramic work Autumn on the Monaro will become part of the permanent collection at Woollahra Council.
In the third article in an Art Guide Australia series on textiles, Thomas Brian notes the influence of textile techniques on both other mediums and broader culture by delving into the group show Exploded Textiles at Tamworth Regional Gallery.
Tricky Walsh’s exhibition Flatland, at Devonport Regional Gallery, is a scientifically and philosophically rigorous engagement with questions regarding reality, perception and dimensionality.